OK we'll need to make a plan for this - re-use as much of the existing code as you can to build it - step 1 is change the easy cpu name to be CPU Sam - then I want to set up a tutorial wizard that appears before the profile creation screen where the player enters their name and chooses creatures.
For the tutorial wizard, I want a screen - give it a skip button on the lower right that skips to the normal profile creation - but the main content of the wizard is the bug forward image from our creatures and a text block that says "CPU Sam thinks their bot can get to the goal before yours!  Let me show you how to take them on!" 
there should be a link to allow the player to change the name and the creature for CPU Sam in a modal.  Then this screen should also have the player choose their bot with the creature selection for the player and then a next button so when they click next we'll show the 2x2 board creation, also the text should change to "first, choose a start square", 
then the text should change after they choose a start square, it should say "now you can program your bot to set a trap or move" when the final move button gets enabled the text should say "alright! click the final move button to save the board!"  If they chose something in row 1 then the text should say "now choose a move in the top row" and just stay like that unless they move to row 0 and the final move is enabled - or if they trap themself, and then it should say "oh no!  that will trap your bot!  reset to try again" after they click final move the app should choose one of CPU Sam's boards that gets him trapped, if the player set a trap, or gets him to the goal if the player didn't set a trap.  
CPU Sam has the two easy 2x2 boards, and for the wizard, the application will deliberately choose one of CPU Sam's boards for the purpose of instruction then show the normal results screen for the results
More text should say "well played! go against the tougher cpu or keep showing CPU Sam what you're made of!  Oh hang on!  What's should I call you?" and show the name entry prompt for the player.  after they click continue switch to the main game screen we should have collected all the usual profile creation data and a first 2x2 board, but show a modal with text "Nice to meet you [playername]!  See you on the boards...  I'm CPU Tougher :)"  can we have different icons for CPU Sam and CPU Tougher?    
re-use as much of the existing code as you can to build this.
